[docs] Document safe-to-evict annotation for the Ray head Pod (#64907)
ray-project/ray: doc/source/cluster/kubernetes/user-guides/config.md

#### nodeSelector and tolerations
You can control the scheduling of worker groups' Ray pods by setting the `nodeSelector` and `tolerations` fields of the pod spec. Specifically, these fields determine on which Kubernetes nodes the pods may be scheduled. See the [Kubernetes docs](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/scheduling-eviction/assign-pod-node/) for more about Pod-to-Node assignment.

(kuberay-config-safe-to-evict)=
#### Preventing eviction of the Ray head Pod by the Cluster Autoscaler

> The Ray head Pod is a single point of failure for the Ray cluster. To prevent the Kubernetes Cluster Autoscaler from evicting it during node consolidation, set the [`cluster-autoscaler.kubernetes.io/safe-to-evict`](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/labels-annotations-taints/#cluster-autoscaler-kubernetes-io-safe-to-evict) annotation to `"false"` on the head Pod template:

Reviewer: s/consolidation/scale down

```yaml
headGroupSpec:
  template:
    metadata:
      annotations:
        cluster-autoscaler.kubernetes.io/safe-to-evict: "false"
```

> This only blocks voluntary evictions by the Cluster Autoscaler—it doesn't prevent node failures, manual Pod deletion, or reclamation of the underlying node (e.g., spot instances).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This setting blocks eviction during autoscaling events. This doesn't prevent Ray head Pod errors such events as node failure, manual Pod deletion, or reclamation of the underlying node (such as spot instance preemption).
```

I'm not a K8s expert, but "voluntary evictions" doesn't immediately mean anything to me. Just tried to reword for more clarity.

Author: Thank you so much. That makes it much clearer.
